so it's a basin that has been
designed a few months ago with a filter
traditional to which the customer has
wanted to add a little touch a little
little vegetation that will allow to have a
frustration in addition to natural must have
obligatorily a circuit of water in a
ocean if we want to avoid that tail that
lolo does not die what needs and
of oxygen that form
it is necessary that the matter
organic on degraded because
that otherwise you have a layer of
base that will form in the bottom
then you kept some plants that
will tend to trouble a lot
the water and it's going to hide the light is going
lunar light and oxygen are
two elements that are very important
in a pool so we went on a
first classical filter system with
the incoming water arrive pump which
arrives in a first filter the water is
filtered with a UV lamp that will avoid
to have too much green algae to put on
in place and once the first
infiltration makes water by two worms
different directions so a first
who will feed the first waterfall and
the second that she will spend in the
second filter that he needed to be
natural so the natural filter it's
a layer of about fifteen
centimeters of gravel that is filled
of water that charge what is called in
load and on which are implanted
irises or plants and did it on
natural filter with several functions
which he already has a first function
mechanical with a filter that operate
by the passage of water in
gravel so more to several types of
gravel that can be used but
one of those who adapt best is
know it pozzolan so we're on
a volcanic rock
so this function she has a son ton
mechanics and also allows our
bacteria to grow
it's a shelter for bacteria is that
that it's bacteria that go that
will start filtration the system
Filtration
they will degrade the material
organic water they are going to degrade
in mineral matter and then this
organic matter that is degraded in
mineral matter will be absorbed by the
plants in general on a system of
natural filtration one goes on a
third of two sons compared to lead
the basin these proportions that are
acquired are quite important to
respect here we can see that the volume
of water to filter a little more
important compared to the filters we
has in place
we also have a fish population
which is quite high so we always
tend to have algae that door
in the background because we have one of the zot
to filter a little more important
so here for example we went on a
fish that they will eat the grass
white loves and one can also
put freshwater mussels that is
despite their small size they
have the ability to filter a cubic meter
of water a day it's impressive
after they are done to be effective at
100% but it still contributes to the
good quality to find in a
basin the system that can be found at
the natural state with the natural filter on
we also have a recipe that pleases
still as much in the gardens is
the marriage of the vegetable of the mineral and
the aquatic so that's a mixture that has
always pleased that always pleases
and this is the opportunity to associate these
three main elements
in terms more so it's true that
there is no maintenance it's a small
little is a lot less work in
the time it has no filter has changed in
plus it's a little less less
expensive energy
finally if we just go on a
pump
there is no denying it to feed
and that's also the aesthetic aspect
so in addition we can play on
different types of plants you can
to adapt several plants of the reeds
irises and resolves that also plays
act that these are the colors and that
always brings a little life
with an ecosystem that is taking shape
around the basin and he